c:\users\dkjayasinghe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Applicaion_Service\Applicaion_Service\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\dkjayasinghe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Applicaion_Service\Applicaion_Service\bin\Applicaion_Service.dll.config
c:\users\dkjayasinghe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Applicaion_Service\Applicaion_Service\bin\Applicaion_Service.dll
c:\users\dkjayasinghe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Applicaion_Service\Applicaion_Service\bin\Applicaion_Service.pdb
c:\users\dkjayasinghe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Applicaion_Service\Applicaion_Service\bin\DataAccess.dll
c:\users\dkjayasinghe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Applicaion_Service\Applicaion_Service\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dkjayasinghe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Applicaion_Service\Applicaion_Service\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\dkjayasinghe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Applicaion_Service\Applicaion_Service\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\dkjayasinghe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Applicaion_Service\Applicaion_Service\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\dkjayasinghe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Applicaion_Service\Applicaion_Service\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\dkjayasinghe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Applicaion_Service\Applicaion_Service\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\dkjayasinghe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Applicaion_Service\Applicaion_Service\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\dkjayasinghe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Applicaion_Service\Applicaion_Service\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\dkjayasinghe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Applicaion_Service\Applicaion_Service\bin\DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\dkjayasinghe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Applicaion_Service\Applicaion_Service\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dkjayasinghe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Applicaion_Service\Applicaion_Service\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\dkjayasinghe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Applicaion_Service\Applicaion_Service\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\dkjayasinghe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Applicaion_Service\Applicaion_Service\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\dkjayasinghe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Applicaion_Service\Applicaion_Service\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\dkjayasinghe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Applicaion_Service\Applicaion_Service\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\dkjayasinghe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Applicaion_Service\Applicaion_Service\obj\Debug\Applicaion_Service.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dkjayasinghe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Applicaion_Service\Applicaion_Service\obj\Debug\Applicaion_Service.dll
c:\users\dkjayasinghe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Applicaion_Service\Applicaion_Service\obj\Debug\Applicaion_Service.pdb
